I think if you're talking about
like original like honor you're kind of
talking for no reason because they
actually always perform it so like yeah
I mean that's like two sides to it I'm
to be clear I'm not talking on
Reginald I think he looks great in that
Gucci hoodie and the sunglasses when he
rolls up on a yes well after their four
games they are now three one I'm Jen
right now vice offense Karen with
coverage presented by Omni slash to talk
about their team's plan to basically put
echo Fox number one that's basically
what you guys walked into that they're
like we need to make sure echo fox is
the undisputed number one right yeah
basically our game plan of course very
very good well you were able to do it no
let's talk about it cuz one hundred
thieves was undefeated before this you
guys lost yesterday but you were able to
pick up the win today bringing them down
to your level so what what is going on
and and how did were you able to stop
hundred thieves because also you look
pretty dominant in that game huh yeah so
I think both echo Fox and the honey fuse
look pretty strong coming into like week
two and I think they're probably like
two top teams right now in na so all
week two was pretty like dangerous I
could say like because we face two good
teams but I think our game against echo
Fox was more like we just kept killing
ourselves kind of like we should have
been able to win the game if we played
our team come better but they just like
started baron and then we just kill
ourselves so there's like kind of like
we panicked I guess but I feel like we a
pretty good team as long as we don't
kill ourselves like that's kind of what
we build a strong are teach us as well
it's just like stop killing yourself and
use your brain so yes if we can like
improve our improve our like brains I
guess then yeah we can win yeah
improving brains is always a good
strategy no I mean also touched me a
little bit well how much of it is your
play and the team's inability to close
out versus the current meta because at
one point in time we're at 38 minutes
you guys have like a 15k gold lead and
I'm just like why just like none of
these games ever finish in a reasonable
time I now just have to watch them just
drag them through the mud for a while
before I can finally happen so why is
this happening so much than anything
else yes I mean it could be that it's
the start of spring split so teams are
not really
a secured yet kind of like you kind of
need to gel with the team and how to
close out the game so I think that's one
of the the big deal because in our game
against a lot of fish we should have
really really been able to end the game
like our first band or something but we
just like didn't really realize how
we're gonna end the game really I don't
know why but we just have to dive them
like be willing to dive but we just it
took us a while to figure that out so it
could be that the meta it's just like
not really allowing us to close out
games but I feel like it's more just the
team's not knowing how to because a lot
of people feel it's literally
stopwatches like slowing down time just
with a perfect name for that item if
it's slowing down the game so much do
you think that that's it
no I mean stop was just like out of the
game by like minute 20 and 30 anyways so
it definitely makes the early game
slower if there's more stop or just
because just because you you really
scared of making it play because you're
always in the back of head you're like
okay this guy's stopwatch like they can
turn around to play like so you might
not go for a gank because just because
of so much you can't do a dive because
so much so yeah it's kind of it kind of
makes the game like slower because of
that so stop watch the worst thing ever
and should be removed from the game
because I I see a lot of opinions like
that online uh-huh no I mean I like to
so much I think it's it's like funny
what do you have it yourself but I guess
it's just too strong but I always saw on
TV that anything it so it shouldn't be
like a big deal yeah so we were talking
a little bit about this before the video
but there's a writer thread this week
that was basically like I'm so happy for
Spence Karen Dennis seems like I just
look at him on cloud 9 and it's like
he's prancing through daisies and
there's butterflies coming by the
happiest man on the planet versus that
evil tyrannical TSM that he used to be a
part of finally released really quick
from the bonds no obviously a little bit
of hyperbole there but is there any
truth to like a mental state change for
you or like an attitude like how as how
different is all this stuff yeah so I
mean seeing that benefit was kind of
like surprising to me it was like oh I
kind of like shitpost kind of like an
order should really give a about
that in my vim but yeah I mean jetting
cloud on has definitely been like pretty
very surprisingly
positive experience for me because a lot
of fans as well they just like I'm a
respecting me more now for some reason I
don't really get it
this defense they go from one day they
hate here the next day they love you so
it's kind of like surprising for me but
as well just genex you know compared to
TSM they're they're like pressure that's
on you it's is very different and c9 as
well as the just ecology and c9 is very
different where we're just more trying
to improve and when we do end up losing
it's more like we just go over why we
lost and we're not really mad at each
other it seems like so yeah even though
we lost against Equifax the I felt like
very positive experience even though we
lost we're in TSM it would be a lot of
like negative and a lot of like
depression kind of so just a whole like
culture is very different and I like it
there how much of that is because of the
pressure that the fans and the community
and analysts and the tide put on you at
TSM and how much of it is just sort of
the natural pressure that exists within
TSM from being such a top performing
organization for so long yeah I mean I
think it's definitely the fans and just
team yourself it's like a combination
because I mean you can't really say
anything bad about being so much
pressure and she said because they've
always made the finals and they want so
many splits right so I think if you're
talking about like retinol like I
know you kind of talking for no
reason because they actually always
perform it so like yeah I mean that's
like true sides to it I'm to be clear
I'm not talking on Reginald
I think he looks great in that Gucci
hoodie and the sunglasses when he rolls
up on a yes but no I get your point
though a lot of people I think are
blaming Reggie whereas you're saying
it's more just a sort of how the TSM has
developed over time finding so much
success that losses probably feel
considerably worse there right yeah for
sure alright
you said echo fox hunter thieves are
potentially the best teams in LCS right
now where would you put you guys cuz you
you lost yesterday did one of them but
you beat one today so shouldn't that
kind of put you up in that echelon I
mean I always think that during the
first five weeks of spring played it's
kind of hard to tell who's the good
teams because towards the towards
playoffs the teams that had a pretty
good showing at start of spring they
usually tend to like drop
it's always like this in last year's as
well like I think remember like last
year envious was super good in the
spring starter starter spring but they
just like dropped because they don't
have a day right coaching staff or like
the right culture and the teams like
really survive the whole split and
actually like prepare for playoffs so I
think right now I mean I think we're
probably like top three but it's pretty
hard to say because of all the teams in
you and yeah just hope we can keep
improving yeah for for c9 I don't know
if you know this but there's an
interesting thing that happened while
you were playing your csgo team made
history by winning a major as in the
North American team was that fun for you
yeah I mean it's pretty exciting because
I used to play csgo a lot like doing my
brakes and I played like before League
of Legends like even as a kid I think
every date is Danish a male probably
place like counter-strike so I think
it's like pretty funny like that c9 is
doing so well in csgo because just
because of yeah that's such a big game
in Denmark is it U is it now that
they've got the Danish guy on the League
of Legends team you've there's an or
that has improved the c9 csgo team I'll
definitely take some credit that me and
Jensen did make a sponsored video with
Russian tarik so and then finally you
know you've got not only obviously TSM
but you also have bio on CLG you've got
double on on liquid do you care about
how these guys are do the sleek the
season do you want them to do well do
you is it like no I'm coming for them
too I mean you know what's your sort of
thoughts on these guys ah yeah so like
when I left I got cakes from TSM I
didn't really feel like I had any issues
with any of the teammates so I don't
really hold any grudges towards any of
them because India and it's like
everyone is here to just try and do
better so I don't really yeah like I
said I don't hold grudges so I mean
obviously beating them is more fun
because of the history you have of each
other so I really want to like beat them
but again I'm not gonna be like salty or
like mad if we lose against them because
I know they're all like good players I
saw friends of them oh I mean
acquaintances I mean me as a person I
don't really like to talk with other
I don't want to like be friends with
like the other teams kind of so I talk
to them like sometimes but not really on
a daily or anything now how come like
why are you like this what happened so I
feel like just you might have more
respect for an opponent I mean this
might just be me I feel like if you like
transfer someone from another team then
you might play against them like
differently like more not that serious
so I like just to keep me it like as a
job kind of maybe we thought it seems so
yeah we were friends before Peter but
now it's just professional alright
whatever happens on the rift that's what
happens okay anything that you want to
say to any of the fans out there yeah I
just wanna say thanks for supporting me
from the jump from tier 7 to cloud 9 I
think a lot of people actually John from
Chase I'm just glad to support me I see
a lot of the same usernames when I
stream and on my Twitter so yeah thanks
for ordering thank you so much for the
interview and congratulations on the win
today very big for you guys and also the
one in cs:go which arguably no offense
might have been a little bigger so know
about fun stuff comes up everyone else
you can check out those two my coverage
of all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel I know I know you wanted
the avila outro and instead you're
getting this one but guess what if you
subscribe not only will you get more LCS
interviews brought to you by Omni slash
but you also might have a chance of
getting the Offaly outro in the future
so you should definitely do that